# About

When Sam Easton vanishes from Randall Jones' life, a gender and a lifetime later Minerva Jones is left trying to find Sam through the mystery, and accidentally uncovers and accidentally joins a sisterhood not like the one she expected at a women's college in the Midwest.  With a hostile board of governors, a snooping PI, and magic that could destroy everything they hold dear, the Starlets of Rutherford Hall are doing their best to keep up appearances, while giving girls new ones.

# Chapter 1 - Intake

In the years since Sam had vanished from her life, no more messages while gaming, no more late night sessions gossiping about girls... she felt a part of her leave.  A part she didn't know she needed, so she looked in the last lead she had.  He had been accepted to an awesome school in the Midwest, and against all odds, it was near her!  

He'd promised to be in touch, but weeks before graduating... he vanished.  So she went on the same message boards they met on, and kept looking, hoping, praying.  It was more routine than avoiding the third step on the way out of the house, more ingrained than responding to a not quite name.

```
Everyone knows someone who's been there.  
If not directly, you know *of* them.  
A mysterious past, a model woman, all that bullshit
Sometimes they're even popular, two have been elected to office.  
But they always went to the same damn school.  
It's not one of the seven sisters, it's in the mid-west, but if you went there you seem to be... different.
```

For the first time in years, she felt something gnawing at her.  The cadence, the writing style.  if she didn't know better, she'd swear she knew it.  The school Sam got accepted to was a half hour away.  Visiting for such a long time felt... impossible.  It was like going to a grave site, but she had to.  She *needed to*.

If there was a place that made people's histories vanish and popped out model citizens... they owed her.  Minerva closed the tab, hoping her parents hadn't been better with their spyware this time, and went to bed, trying not to think about her body, or just how soon the morning would interrupt her escape from physicality.

---

Sarah strode out in front of the board of governors confident, her heels on the hardwood at odds.  Fully aware that not all of them knew the history of the institution they're funding.  *Still more morally palatable than what the church does, and by a lot...*

"So Miss...?" 

"Easton."

"Ms. Easton, I'm going to be crass, if the board will permit it-" began one, an older man to his right nodding weakly as he continued.

"Why should we continue your budget for what amounts to a mediocre womens studies college?"

She took the chance to breathe, and respond with all the wit and anger she'd been bottling.

"Because it's better than your childrens' schools, Mr. Henries." she hastily propelled across the room.

"What?" he spat, incredulous that a young woman had just insulted him _and_ his children.  

"The students in our graduating class this year performed better than the ones of your three children in their respective graduating classes.  We need this school because the _state_ can't afford to have it's records drop again."

He grumbled, and another board member began speaking with the drawl she knew from her time in the south; trying not to wince at the connotation.

"Surely there are other schools that could take it's place, divert the faculty to say... Utah's state schools."

"With all due respect sir-" she began, knowing he'd not take it well, "the faculty and staff have worked very hard to curate a specific academic program.  Our records and graduation rates more than prove this.  It's no guarantee it'd survive a transplant to other schools."


The board muttered with as much enthusiasm as a pile of sawdust, and nodded once more.

"Fine.  You get scholarship coverage for room and board for ten additional students past your mandated coverage."

"Thank you sirs, we won't-" she beamed, before Henries glared back at her and uttered so forcefully she wasn't sure if she moved herself or if he did by force of will.

"Next." 

Sarah walked out of the room with her heels clattering, the blue dress matching the sky outside perfectly, collapsing into the bench as if sunset had come early. Jenny was waiting for her, bag clutched tight in her lap and bags under her eyes darker than her dress.

"So?"

"Ten girls.  "Any loose ends?"

"One.  Southwest Mountport, keeps reading the stories on 8chan."

"No..." Sarah muttered, a pit in her stomach opening.

"Yep.  He managed to save the one about the Shoshone starlet list...  I told Janice to not try and run for election, that some conspiracy nutter would find it.  We're lucky we bought an admin account on that stupid site or else we'd be in deeper trouble."

Sarah was suddenly a million miles away, memories of playing TF2 and being really shitty about his ex.

"You know I can't be involved." she whispered, her voice barely noticeable in the hall's footsteps.  *Anyone but him.*

"Let's get out of here." Jen assured her, both walking to a car so beat up it looked unsafe.  It was, but when you're spending your resources on something more important, four wheels and drives is more important than "peak safety".  They got in and pulled out, beginning the frustrating drive back to the hall.

---

"Welcome to Rutherford Hall.  This historic campus building was made as part of a dedicated women's college grant, and later joined the state university for tax reasons."

"Tax reasons, really?  Not even some brilliant donor."

"I mean, we've got those too.  But ultimately, it's a little slice mostly seperated from the rest of the university.  Of course, you still get all the normal benefits and scholarship apply here too... except for you girls."

They began chattering amongst themselves, several of them clearly not quite out and grateful their parents aren't on this part of the tour.  She deeply enjoyed this part, but she noticed that one was missing.  

"Jen, I think we're missing one student in this cohort?" she asked, gesturing the students to go ahead with the next group of staff.

"Yeah.  One *Randall* Jones?" she whispered, trying to not let the other students hear it.

"What a horrible name..."

"He didn't like it when I knew him either."

"What, you.... you actually _were_ close with this one, huh?"

She smiled weakly, a hint of blush in her cheeks coming out.  If Jen didn't know better, she'd suspect a crush.  That sort of thing didn't really work here for long anyways, short of some... overlapping realizations.

"Yeah... Dee was really wonderful then.  Well, neither of us were.  We did some horrible things, but that's what got me here, and... I guess her, because of me?  Fuck... she doesn't deserve this Jen..."

Jen reached over to hug her, one of the girls in the group glancing back at the two of them and starting this cohort's gossip of their relationship.

"She'll be okay in time.  If you kept her as company, she's not going to be unworkable.  We can help her."

"But does the end deserve the means?"

---

Minerva strode onto campus with all the bravado of a dead chicken.  She felt so out of place, eyes on her at all times.  She was late, she missed the first day, and she didn't feel great about it.  She kept asking staff, "Rutherford Hall?" and those that knew where it was kept creeping her out.  

She arrived at the exterior door to the hall after an hour or so of wandering, ivy covering the lowest parts, timber, bricks, concrete.  A hodgepodge building that didn't make much sense.  She reached her hand out and rung the doorbell, a worn style she thought of in vintage movies.  The door was purple.  *Why purple?  That's an odd color, wasn't it linked to-* was as far as she got before the door was practically ripped open.

"Hi, you must be Randall, get in here!" laughed Marissa as she yanked the unsuspecting boy through the foyer for the first and last time.

"Hi-i uh.  I go by Dee, actually.  It's a family name." Minerva balked, her voice as quiet as possible.

"Of course you do of course!  I'm Marissa, Let's get you to your room.  You did all the consent and release paperwork, right?" she asked, hoping he'd say yes, she'd been itching to use the trapdoor for months.

"Uh... no actually.  Can you get me paper copies?"

"Sure sure!" she waved, reaching into her pocket while he was admiring the foyer.  She didn't even notice the needle as she slumped to the floor, Marissa's mouth moving but unable to decypher.

"Toss him in the last basement room please. Oh, and add a blanket.  He'll need it!"

---

"He goes by *Dee*?" Marissa spat across the table at Jen and Sarah.

"He's... sharing that now?  Oh thank fuck." Sarah sighed, grateful to not have to keep up the charade of using the name she refused to then.  

"You *knew* he used Dee as a name?  Did we just get an egg?" Marissa balked.  She didn't have as much fun interacting with girls who knew already, so she tried to keep it to a minimum.

"Only an egg if he doesn't know yet.  The meekness... he carries himself like a girl who can't do shit about dysphoria."

"That's a mean read for thirty seconds of interaction before you DRUGGED HIM!"

"In my defense, I panicked!  Couldn't exactly magic him unconscious..." Marissa continued

"Why not!?" Sarah began, still upset that her coworker just drugged her former best friend.  Not that magic would have been *better*, but at least there wouldn't be a needlemark.

"First years can't know that yet, y'know.  Rules." Marissa let out, trying to hide her excitement.

"Yeah well, I think you just wanted to forcefemme him." Jen let out, half under her breath.

"Yes, of course!  I see what good it's done for me, and I want it for others!" she beamed back, barely keeping herself under control.

A glare from the other end of the table and her posture was fixed near instantly.  Lady A wasn't exactly polite the whole way through.

"I'll be taking my leave.  Give the newest student some pillows, would you?  It gets awful cold down there."

"Yes ma'am!" they gulped back, as they scrambled to meet her requests.  

---

As Minerva came to, she found herself in a plain, concrete box with four blankets next to her, and a pillow or two.  

*What the shit is going on here...*

"Ah you're awake.  Hi there." smiled Jen.

"Who are you, where am I?"

"I'm Jen, I'm a junior living in Rutherford Hall, and you... well.  You're in the little used basement."

Minerva was trying her best to not be excited at the prospect, finally kidnapped, and she could have sworn the girl before him felt trans somehow.

"Why am I in the basement?  Oh gods you're gonna torture me aren't you, please don't!"

Jen could have sworn she saw the slightest hint of enjoyment in his face as he muttered those words, as if he practiced.

"Fuck you're one of those guys who gets off on that, aren't you!, EW!" she let out, and watched as Minerva's face shriveled involuntarily.

She grabbed the folding chair from behind her and swung it around, sitting down with the back towards Minerva, using her blankets as a tall, but very off-kilter chair.

"Nah..." she let out, breathily, and watched as Minerva slumped more.

"Just... a regular prison then.  For fucked up guys huh...."

"Not really.  Here's your paperwork, by the way." she began as she handed a clipboard through a slot in the wall that she could have sworn wasn't there a minute ago.

"Oh... thank you." Minerva said succinctly.

"Can I get a-" she began, and then cut herself off. 

"Blanket?  Look down."

"Right, thank you." she sheepishly responded, picking up the top one, a delightful pink and white floral one.  It smelled like lavender, quite the comparison against the mildew ridden dungeon.  *They didn't keep people here for long, did they?*

As she mulled over the staggering amount of paperwork, Jen fiddled with a charm on her belt, purely decorative minus that charm, as she tried to figure out what made Minerva tick.

Plenty of guilt, a smidge of gender complexity... and hunger.  Hunger to be wanted.  Hunger to be *seen*.

*Crap*.

She pulled out her phone and texted Sarah.

> J: Do you *only* befriend girls?
> S: Nah Dee counts as a guy for now.
> S: FOR NOW

Her texting session was interrupted by someone doing due diligence; difficult from a cell but not impossible.

"Why is there a section here on the irrevocable rights to my soul and body?"

Jen sighed the type of sigh that carried more weight than it should, as Minerva leaned forward slightly for the answer.

"Standard legal stuff to get hormones." she said quickly, hoping it'd be taken as a joke.

"Ah of-WAIT WHAT" Minerva spat out as Jen began laughing.  A heartfelt, hearty laugh.  Like she hadn't in a long time.

"so... you're trans, right?  Same actually." she said, smiling at her as she stared back in amazement, she presumed anyways.

"I was gonna ask..." she whispered, light in her eyes, barely hazel in the lighting here, but still visible.  She was *there*.

"Thanks for not doing so, actually." Jen responded sheepishly, before slapping her legs on her thighs as if to get up.

"So yeah.  This is a school for trans girls."

As she stood up, she began, her back to the cell, almost as if she didn't want to see the reaction.

"Dee, you've already been started on an anti-androgen, actually.  Check your right leg."

Minerva practically ripped her shorts off, not that they fit her well *anyways*, and found a bandage and some faint writing in a white crayon on her mid-thigh.  

"What, when did you do that?"

"When you were unconscious."

"Ah fuck... of course.  So this *is* still a force-femme torture dungeon.  The hell Jen!" she let out, exasperated.  *Exactly what I wanted, but the delivery could use some work.*

"Girls have got to keep *some* secrets~!" she began, giggling all the way out the door.

"Byeeee!" she laughed, the door slamming shut and Minerva was left in peace and quiet for the first time from her own body; at _ease_.

*They'll feed me soon enough.  Standard stuff.  Food, meds, diet, outfits.  Hormones in there somewhere.  Not what I wanted here, but close.  I'll start trying to find Sam tomorrow.*

As the door slammed behind Jen, she found herself eye to eye with Sarah, waiting and listening eagerly through a camera tucked in a corner that Dee hadn't noticed yet.

"We have to tell her, now." Sarah exclaimed, with as much enthusiasm as Jen had *ever* seen her use.  Even during intake.

"We can't!  She has to avoid you for at least a year!" Jan let out, exasperated and breathy.  She was tired of this.  Doing twice as much intake work, figuring out the one left out of the group's integration, and so much paperwork.

"Why?" she balked, trying not to cry as Jan pulled her in close.  

"Sarah, you're fucking short, okay?  Explaining how you shrunk that much is gonna be rough otherwise."

"Surgery?" she broached inquisitively, to which Jan gave a death glare.

"Fine.  But we need to make her stay more comfortable."

"Done.  Also, using she/her for her already?"

"She admitted it, okay.  She's trans.  It'd be rude not to."

---

Minerva was grateful that the door wasn't fully closed.  The otherwise dead silent room let her peek in to hear someone who couldn't be there.  Someone who shouldn't exist, someone she lost a long, *long* time ago.

"Sarah?" she yelled, and the world stopped.