# Recovery

Sarah's eyes turned to panic as Jen's head turned at her, an anger in her eyes.

*You left the door open!*

*Not on purpose, I'm sorry!*

"Sarah you've got to help me, please!"

Sarah slowly swung around the door and walked into the room, Jen behind her, half bodyshield half regret.

"Why the hell am I alone in the feminizing dungeon? Just let me out."

She shook her head slowly, as if any faster her head would fall off.

Minerva tore her apart with her eyes, Sarah barely willing meet her eyes back.

"I know you." Minerva whispered Sarah's hand clenched tightly as she got ready to wipe her memory.

"You're Sam's older sister, right?" she continued, tears in her eyes, lying as though she might not get found out.  Because the truth hurt too much.

"I... yeah.  We met at that party in... what, 2011?" she parried, racking her memory for anything else to keep the lie.  She had to, for her sake.

"Feels life a lifetime ago." Minerva let out, shrinking back into her cell, so small she'd want to vanish it seemed.

"Hah, yeah!"
 
"Anyways we'll be going now-" Jen began, pulling Sarah through the door before Minerva had the chance.

"You're her, aren't you." she whispered, barely audible and the room was suddenly so cold that time itself seemed to stop for an eternity.

"Yeah.  I'm Sam." she whispered, tears streaming down her face as she found herself hugging Minerva so tight she might have bruised her ribs, so tight as though she might turn to sand.

As the two sat entangled in the cell, hugging and crying over lost time, there wasn't much logical thought as Jen swiftly waved her hand behind her and made the door unlock so quietly that no one but her knew.

*Plausible.  Risky, but plausible.*

---

"Sarah... why did you vanish?  Why couldn't you tell me?"

"Vow of secrecy, it's a great school but my scholarship was pretty secretive."

"You promised you'd call..."

"They-" she began, trying to come up with any story other than "The force femme torture basement turned out to just be a magical girl transition camp."

"The people in charge were going to expel me if I told you."

As if the subject wasn't fun enough, Minerva tried to change the subject, the empty silence hanging in the cell they both had seats in, the same blankets that she balked at giving her plenty of cushion.

"So what did you end up studying?" Minerva asked, tears finally drying up ever so slightly, as Sarah kept hugging her, as though she might vanish at any moment.

"Botany" she let out, hoping the lie would be believable as Jen tried not laugh.

*Not my fault plant magic is only technically botany.*

"Okay sure plants, but... how the hell did you get _shorter_ Sarah... you were like, half a head taller than me, and I've stayed the same height!"  Jen's eyebrows raised at the slight inflection, the... sadness on the tail end of the sentence.

"Hip rotation, stuff is magic."

"it doesn't go that far, you shrunk half a foot!  Besides, you're not that... well... shaped."

"HEY!"  she yelled, bopping Minerva square on the head before noticing despite the sound, the feeling of contact on her palm, she wasn't sure she actually _hit her_.  Curious.

Sarah prayed that she wouldn't notice the deflection before running over her own words to get out something combative; "Then how did you know it was me anyways?"

"I dunno, you just felt like... you."

"Wow gee, thanks."

"No, I mean in hindsight it was pretty clear.  You weren't great at being a guy."

"And you were?"

"Haha guilty as charged..." she sheepishly let out before realizing she's got to just _ask_ at this point.  Painfully, anxiety inducing.  Crap.

"You won't kick me out for that... right?"

"What, no.  You're in, you stay in."

"So... I do get estrogen?"

"Keep it up and you'll get bruises too, yes dumbass..."

"Do I need to stay in the cell?" she balked, half afraid as she peeked her head through the cell door, the two girls already ready to leave ahead of her.

"Oh gods no, that'd be awful.  This was just to make sure you weren't being nosy.  There were some absolutely terrible reporters snooping around and we had to play it safe."


---
Jen excused herself for a moment and ducked into the common room.  She realized with Dee wandering, she'd need to prep the place to make sure nothing overtly magical was laying around.  Or, if one was to peer into her mind, this is what you'd find:

"fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck"

As Jen hustled into the common room, she found Alicia teetering on the edge of the handrailing between the first and second story landing, falling off in her faded dungarees as she caught herself with a puff of air mere inches from the floor.

"I said if you keep sitting on the railing, you're gonna fall Ali!"

"No fair!" she laughed, pulling herself up and fixing her overalls.

"Besides, I'm fine, see?"

"Yeah and what if you messed up your spell."

"I had Cori as backup!"

"Cori schmori, you're both new to this!  Take it slow!  For your safety, and others!"

With everything looking roughly in order, she grabbed a pile of new intake paperwork and filled it out on her way up the stairwell.  Taking a breath before stepping into the administrator's office, she swung the door open expecting barking, indignation, and found... a dusty empty room.

Muttering to herself, she managed to get out "this isn't the right office" before she found a hiss behind her answering.

"Right room, for you."

She balled her fist and reached for her bracelet, charms and mementos that'd keep her safe and found her wrist bare, spare the freckle that'd been there since birth and cursed again.

"What the fuck do you want?"

"We need a little adventure, and you... are going to be the damsel in distress."

As the office door slammed shut, Jen's screams managed to reach the furthest pieces of the house.  In a quiet, tucked away corner, a flower with a pen labeled planter began to wilt.

---

"SARAH!" came Cori and Alicia into the entry hall where Minerva and Sarah had barely just wandered into, too caught up in their own chatter.  Screaming wildly, the girls managed to get out "JEN IS GONE JEN IS GONE!",tears welling up; clearly a little overwhelmed at a threat from *inside* the house.

"Come on, you're not toddlers.  Where and how?"

"Fake office, admin office."

"Fuck, it's the matchbox again."

Dee tilted her head slightly, and Alicia's tears turned to a slight giggle at the concept.

"How could there be a fake office?"

"Fuck, we don't have *time* for this.  Come on." Sarah bellowed, as Dee found herself being dragged through the building, an entourage forming as they wound up stairs and down passages, some narrow enough she felt she was turning to paper.

"Here.  This is the fake."

"How do you know?"

"Because Jen wouldn't _close_ the office door behind her."

Sarah knocked once and the door opened up slowly, then quickly, the doorway turning into a sandtrap, an infinite pit of darkness as the girls fell and fell, barely holding on to anything, and rather suddenly, they stopped.

With a resounding crash, the party of four found themselves on the floor of an impossible cavern, orange red lights pouring in through the fascimile of windows.  It *looked* like Jen's office, if Jen was having a nightmare.

"Let her go!" Sarah screamed, as Jen's body appeared from the inky darkness, careening towards the group.

As she landed with a clatter, Dee watched in horror as Sarah got picked up by the dark, enormous hand.  

"DEE!" she screamed, leaving Cori, Alicia, Dee and Jen, in the twisted equivalent of the principal's office.

---

"You... shouldn't be here." Jen frowned, daggers finding Minerva rather quickly.

"I-I know, but you got taken, and Sarah rushed to help."

"Well, you may as well make yourself useful.  Hold this." she said, slipping off a hairtie and onto her wrist.

"What good is a hairtie gonna do?"

"Just... don't think of it as a hairtie.  It's a good luck charm."

Reeling at the realization she just got her first hairtie from someone else, Dee began to smile and slowly got to her feet, a fire inside of her that she didn't know she had.

"We're gonna get her fucking back."

"Right!" Jen smiled as their miniature adventurers party began to plot, Dee confused why they were treating it like a D&D campaign... until Cori leapt forward as if propelled by a rocket.

"What the fu-" Dee managed to get out before she watched Cori be picked out of the air, Alicia behind her ripped off of her plant platform.  All Jen managed to do was to make a fingergun aimed right at the darkness, and heard a guttural scream that made Dee want to hide.  But she needed her friends back.

*No time.*

Doing the same pose as Jen, she made a silent prayer.  Not a real one, no rosary.

*Save them.* she willed, as the room was washed in light and she was knocked fresh off her feet, the back wall hitting her skull as she fell into an inky, nebulous sleep.

---

"You okay Dee?" she heard, the echo of a tunnel keeping her hazy as she came to.

She awoke to find Sarah looming over her, Jen rapidly making hand gestures over her opposite to Sarah.  Seeing Sarah, she instantly relaxed, as if afraid it was some dream.

"Did we win?"

"Yeah kid, we won..." she smiled, tears running down her face as her mediocre mascara became an impressionist painting.

"What... happened?"

"You forgot to mention you punch *well* above your weight class, Dee, that's what."

"I don't fight... The two smaller girls got taken, then... Jen.  Then I just remember... white."

"As far as I can tell, you did the same spell as me.  Not well, with zero control.  But you did magic."

"Magic?  That... isn't a thing." she croaked as she tried to get up, before Sarah forced her back down.

"You better hope it's a damn thing given you severed your arm." she laughed as Dee realized *she couldn't feel hers*, staring past her shoulder she found a writhing mass of muscle and dread, slowly reconstituting itself.

"How the fuck do you know magic?" barked an imposing figure, the first guy she'd seen since stepping through the doors.

"Fuck.  It's Rutherford."

---